QIIME2/README.md, before:

## Running Locally without Docker

### Download the repository 
```
git clone https://github.com/Functional-Metabolomics-Lab/FBMN-STATS.git
```

### Navigate to the repository folder
```
cd FBMN-STATS/QIIME2/
```

### Installing Mamba
```
conda install -c conda-forge mamba

wget https://data.qiime2.org/distro/core/qiime2-2023.2-py38-linux-conda.yml
mamba env create -n qiime2 --file qiime2-2023.2-py38-linux-conda.yml

conda activate qiime2
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Installing GNPS Data Package
```
pip install git+https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/GNPSDataPackage.git@2035cd2aa27dd29e311c7a9e171abf7f2207789a
```

### Installing Qiime2 Modules

```
pip install git+https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/qiime2_normalization_plugin.git@d695201694191eb168942124bea1faca80f7ffc2
pip install git+https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/qiime2_imputation_plugin.git@edce69bce04cd653ec22b4ee0327af366a278106
pip install git+https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/qiime2_blank_removal_plugin.git@d9b947497530702b6f396e8918c8ce27055650f7
```

### Prepping the notebooks
```
jupyter serverextension enable --py qiime2 --sys-prefix
jupyter lab
```


## Running with Docker

Download [Docker](https://www.docker.com/), docker-compose, and git, then follow the steps below.

1. Clone the repository - run "git clone https://github.com/Functional-Metabolomics-Lab/FBMN-STATS.git"
1. Go to Qiime directory - cd QIIME2
1. Bring up Docker - ```make jupyter-compose```
1. Connect to the Jupyter Notebook at http://localhost:9574/, the default token is "PASSWORD"

Commit message:

Adding Qiime2 Explicitly in the README.

QIIME2/README.md, after:

## Overview

Here we present a jupyter notebook that handles data processing via Qiime2. We have created 3 qiime2 modules that replicates the functionality seen in the R and Python notebooks. You can find the source code for the following modules

1. [Normalization](https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/qiime2_normalization_plugin)
1. [Imputation](https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/qiime2_imputation_plugin)
1. [Blank Removal](https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/qiime2_blank_removal_plugin)


Below, we show how to install these plugins. 

## Running Locally without Docker

### Download the repository 
```
git clone https://github.com/Functional-Metabolomics-Lab/FBMN-STATS.git
```

### Navigate to the repository folder
```
cd FBMN-STATS/QIIME2/
```

### Installing Mamba
```
conda install -c conda-forge mamba

wget https://data.qiime2.org/distro/core/qiime2-2023.2-py38-linux-conda.yml
mamba env create -n qiime2 --file qiime2-2023.2-py38-linux-conda.yml

conda activate qiime2
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Installing GNPS Data Package
```
pip install git+https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/GNPSDataPackage.git@2035cd2aa27dd29e311c7a9e171abf7f2207789a
```

### Installing Qiime2 Modules

```
pip install git+https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/qiime2_normalization_plugin.git@d695201694191eb168942124bea1faca80f7ffc2
pip install git+https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/qiime2_imputation_plugin.git@edce69bce04cd653ec22b4ee0327af366a278106
pip install git+https://github.com/Wang-Bioinformatics-Lab/qiime2_blank_removal_plugin.git@d9b947497530702b6f396e8918c8ce27055650f7
```

### Prepping the notebooks
```
jupyter serverextension enable --py qiime2 --sys-prefix
jupyter lab
```


## Running with Docker

Download [Docker](https://www.docker.com/), docker-compose, and git, then follow the steps below.

1. Clone the repository - run "git clone https://github.com/Functional-Metabolomics-Lab/FBMN-STATS.git"
1. Go to Qiime directory - cd QIIME2
1. Bring up Docker - ```make jupyter-compose```
1. Connect to the Jupyter Notebook at http://localhost:9574/, the default token is "PASSWORD"
